Jsonnet: Fix ruler-querier CPU threshold (#3520)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Add support for autoscaling distributors. #3378
* [ENHANCEMENT] Make auto-scaling logic ensure integer KEDA thresholds. #3512
* [BUGFIX] Fixed query-scheduler ring configuration for dedicated ruler's queries and query-frontends. #3237 #3239

> * [BUGFIX] Jsonnet: Fix auto-scaling so that ruler-querier CPU threshold is a string-encoded integer millicores value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Jsonnet: Fix queriers auto-scaling when requested CPU is a fraction of a core. #3520
```

Author: @pracucci I think the above suggestion should be "ruler-queriers".
